could everyone today we are doing a
custom map review of payload race high
wind hiwin is a map developed by a
custom it's a custom app developed by a
couple of community models for it was
for a a valve plr payload race and
capture the flag contest that was held a
couple years back where the best map
would be selected for winning and Pilar
hi uh sorry nightfall one the best map
and it became official this is one of
the contestant entries and we're gonna
be reviewing it today it's still not
completed but you know it's a very very
nice map the first point that I would
like to point out is the art style the
arse on this map is absolutely beautiful
it is one of the best themes one of the
best you know color palettes I've ever
seen so for that i think the art style
deserves a very nice ten on ten very
very very nice second of all we're going
to talk about the replayability of this
map there are a couple problems with
this map i will say it there is a bug
with them with the payload right now
where you have to score have to score
three times of the payload actually win
the round instead of one I don't know if
this is intentional but it's there are
no other payload maps like that which is
kind of weird but anyways it still
doesn't really stop us from enjoying it
up and it's very very nice I find that
there that there should be a little bit
a little bit more passages through the
map to allow no custom looks a little
bit more fighting maybe more than one
stage but it's still very understandable
but the replayability after playing a
couple rounds of the same thing all the
time people got tired of the map and you
know to be honest i'd give the repealed
be really about a six on ten just
because there's no other points and map
design I'll talk about later so yeah
talking about the map design now it
features a huge central barn in the
middle
where most of the fighting will take
place and both sides on the other side
there they're symmetrical so basically
on top of the huge bonus these these two
huge windmills windmills which are very
very nice and I love very much part of
the art art design and you know style of
this map just absolutely beautiful as I
said one of the best ones ever saw like
it's it's like I'm the whole thing is
its features like on top of a very huge
it's like a healing it's like a town in
the mountains looks very very nice
graphics on this map or excellent as I
said anyways map design you can go
underground right there as you see that
I don't actually visit the underground
but besides for that the middle and the
underground there are no other passages
connecting both bases and that's a
little problem that I see there there
could have been maybe a little bit more
expanding towards the sides or maybe
some passage towards the top that would
have been never made them out a lot more
interesting if there was a top level
gameplay our passages included it would
have made the map you know like ten
times better I know the map is still not
finished like I know it's an abandoned
project and some people still play this
map but i find this map does have a lot
of potential unfortunately it was one of
those maps that was dropped in favor of
you know doing other other projects but
still so in terms of map design it's not
fantastic but it's not bad either and
still gets me a seven on 10 because it's
still great even though it has a couple
flaws it's still great so overall
talking about this map we played it for
about an hour or so and you know the
overall feeling that I got people very
like enjoyed this map very much as I
said there's a lot of tight gameplay
going on the engineer spots good Luke
could use a little work because there's
there's no really turtling spots and
every single ngness can be taken down
really easily because there's no really
spots where engineers can actually
safely set up there's just uncommon for
a well-balanced tf2 map at least on
every tf2 valve map there's a good spot
or two where engineers can actually set
up without a problem now that I'm saying
that this is a bad thing it's just some
what bothered me some time sir it you
could set up inside the barn which is a
one of the only spots which actually
safe to set up but setting up in your
own base like this when you have to
rappel
it's kind of hard so overall guys I
think in my own judgment I would give
the map a 7 on 10 just because it needs
some reworking and some bugs but it's
still a very very nice map I really hope
you guys enjoyed this video be very very
very very happy actually if you could
and you give this video a like and
getting maybe I'm I'd like to go 400
likes on this video and I do have a tf2
small I'm looking for gift to gameplays
so please check out one of my second
most recent video today late game plays
guys and it's a little contest going on
so please check that out and think room
for watching guys and I'll be seen you
guys next time